Now you know what's in the course.
I also want to make sure that you're getting the most out of the course and therefore here are my hints
at how you can or how you should work with this cause to ensure that you're getting the most out of
it.
Now the obvious thing is that you should watch the videos.
It's a video on demand course.
It's fully built to well have all these videos for you to get all the knowledge.
That's how knowledge is transported in this course.
Now be aware that you can adjust the speed of these videos.
You have the playback controls here where you can play videos back in a faster or slower way.
In case I'm going too fast or I'm going to slow.
I do my best to find the best balance for all users but of course you might have a different knowledge
of react or even React Native and therefore take advantage of these speed controls.
All of course pause the videos and rewind if something isn't clear.
And of course my recommendation also would be that you code along and therefore you might need to pause
videos occasionally so that you can catch up or try something out on your own.
And that's really how you get the most out of it by coding along and trying things on your own as well.
So definitely all the pause videos try something on your own first before you then watch me solve it.
I think that's another great way of experimenting and getting a feeling for whether you really understood
something.
Now also of course use all the course resources.
And that's mainly of course the attached links you find on some lectures.
I typically mention if something is attached and all the attached code snapshots now you'll find code
snapshots on many lectures for this course reflecting the progress up to that lecture and always on
the last lecture of every module.
Now these code snapshots are there for you to compare your code to them.
You can also run my snapshots.
These attached code attachments as standalone projects.
And there is a how to use text file in every attachment that shows you how to well get this attachment
to run.
Now definitely take advantage of this.
Compare your code to mine if you're facing issues if something isn't working the way it should work
or it's working in my videos all the snapshots which are attached are taken directly from the recordings.
So they absolutely reflect what I showed.
So if something's not working.
Take my code compare it to yours maybe replace your code with mine even just temporarily to narrow down
the issue and you will be able to solve all these issues.
Now of course there always is a Q and A section where you can ask.
Now please be aware I only can help on questions directly related to course lectures or course source
code.
I'm not providing any personal coaching for your own projects or your own code snippets.
That's not something I can offer unfortunately.
But you know action is there for you if you're facing some very strange error which doesn't seem to
be related to the code or if something is unclear of some concept is unclear.
Even after watching the video for a couple of times then the cute A.S. is your place to go.
You'll be aware if you're just getting some error with your code.
Definitely take my attached code and compare it because that will help you solve such problems.
And also don't just ask in the Kuna section also help others because dad is how you will learn the most
by helping others.
You are challenged to dive into problems you have to solve problems.
And that's always how you learn the most.
And if you're sharing a solution that turns out to be wrong.
That's absolutely no problem.
Then you'll learn again by getting corrected.
So definitely take this as an opportunity to master this topic to master react native and to get the
most out of this course.